Lord Saintess
Yang Feng, he is the King of Northern Qi
Don't kill
Let alone a mere King of the Northern Qi Dynasty
Even if you are the four kings of Qi
Nine families
Whoever I want to die has to die
Lord Saintess
What did my son do wrong?
You are dying
I still don't know what I did wrong
Why am I risking life and death with you?
Saddle the horse for you
You tried to kill me for a fake
Why is he the Dragon Lord?
Since he is the patron saint of Great Zhou
Because he is my Bai Lin's man
He is the patron saint of Great Zhou
He is a saint's man
No wonder the Virgin still hangs his portrait for so many years
Sure enough, it's a kind of master
Really pissed off everywhere
Ask the Virgin to forgive her sins
I am willing to accept punishment for my brother
Weak nine clans
Let two women stand up and plead
Of course we were wrong
I'll wait
Formal engagement
What engagement?
Inform the Virgin
The nine ethnic groups were able to develop into the overlords of Kyushu
Completely dependent on the Lord's blessing
Jiuxuan Tiannu has a one-foot marriage contract with the Lord
And this